To get started, you will configure AWS Amplify to host the static resources for your web application with continuous deployment built in

You will configure AWS Amplify to host the static resources for your web application with continuous deployment built in. The Amplify Console provides a git-based workflow for continuous deployment and hosting of full-stack web apps. In subsequent modules, you will add dynamic functionality to these pages using JavaScript to call remote RESTful APIs built with AWS Lambda and Amazon API Gateway.
The architecture for this module is straightforward. All of your static web content including HTML, CSS, JavaScript, images, and other files will be managed by AWS Amplify Console. Your end users will then access your site using the public website URL exposed by AWS Amplify Console. You don't need to run any web servers or use other services to make your site available.

Implementation:
1. Select a Region -- US East (N. Virginia) -- us-east-1
2. Create a Git repository
  You have two options to manage the source code for this module: AWS CodeCommit (included in the AWS Free Tier) or GitHub, In this tutorial, we will use
  CodeCommit to store our application code, but you can do the same by creating a repository on GitHub.
    a. Open the AWS CodeCommit console
    b. Select Create Repository
    c. Set the Repository name to "wildrydes-site"
    d. Select Create
    e. Now that the repository is created, set up an IAM user with Git credentials in the IAM console following these instructions.
    f. Back in the CodeCommit console, from the Clone URL dropdown, select Clone HTTPS
    g. From a terminal window run git clone and the HTTPS URL of the repository:
        $ git clone https://git-codecommit.us-eastl-amazonaws.com/vl/repos/wildrydes-site
        Cloning into 'wildrydes-site'„.
        Username for 'https://git-codecommit-us-east-l
        Password for 'USERID': XXXXXXXXXXXX
    warning: You appear to have cloned an empty repository.

3. Populate the Git repository
  Once you've used either AWS CodeCommit or GitHub.com to create your git repository and clone it locally, you'll need to copy the website content from an existing publicly accessible S3 bucket associated with this workshop and   add the content to your repository.
    a. Change directory into your repository and copy the static files from S3:
      cd wildrydes-site
      aws s3 cp s3://wildrydes-us-east-1/WebApplication/1_StaticWebHosting/website ./ --recursive
    b. Commit the files to your Git service
      $ git add .
      $ git commit -m 'new'
      $ git push

4. Enable Web Hosting With the AWS Amplify Console
  Next you'll use the AWS Amplify Console to deploy the website you've just committed to git. The Amplify Console takes care of the work of setting up a place to store your static web application code and provides a number of     helpful capabilities to simplify both the lifecycle of that application as well as enable best practices.
    a. Launch the Amplify Console console page
    b. Click Get Started under Deploy with Amplify Console
    c. Go to New App on the top right and choose Host Web App
    d. Select CodeCommit under Get started with Amplify Hosting
    e. Select the Repository service provider used today and select Continue
    f. If you used GitHub, you'll need to authorize AWS Amplify to your GitHub account
    g. From the dropdown, select the Repository and Branch you just created and select Next
    h. On the Configure build settings page, leave all the defaults, Select Allow AWS Amplify to automatically deploy all files hosted in your project root directory and select Next.
    i. On the "Review" page select Save and deploy
    j. The process takes a couple of minutes for Amplify Console to create the necessary resources and to deploy your code.

5. Modify your site
  The AWS Amplify Console will rebuild and redeploy the app when it detects changes to the connected repository. Make a change to the main page to test out this process.
    a. From your local machine, open `wildryde-site/index.html` in a text editor of your choice and modify the title line so that it says: <title>Wild Rydes - Rydes of the Future!</title>
    b. Save the file and commit to your git repository again. Amplify Console will begin to build the site again soon after it notices the update to the repository. It will happen pretty quickly! Head back to the Amplify
       Console page to watch the process.
    c. Once completed, re-open the Wild Rydes site and notice the title change. Notice the Title change for Wild Rydes site
